happy no gaming
everybody's Jeremy from happy thumbs
gaming today we're doing chapter 14
collectibles for co-op mission marker
containment for Dead Space 3
boom here we are you're doing your first
little spin around room thing that's
right I'm using the old school suit
because it's awesome
received in this doorway and I'll be
right in front of you you can't miss it
and there's going to be a lot of trophy
popping on this last one since this is
the last mission where I'd have finished
collectibles but boom there's the
librarian for collecting all of the
audio logs alright after you're in this
room this big fight scene mostly
consisting of feeders you're gonna go in
here I want to give a shout out to
mining miner some kid that was on a snow
day that helped me finish this level off
so I can get it up for you guys
surprisingly the co-op community is not
as big as I thought it was going to be
and that's base 3 just not as many
people jump in online because everyone's
just trying to do their own thing
alright so you run through the two
spinny things and then you're coming to
this room right here and on the right
sides gonna be this elevator and around
this corner is gonna be this hidden
artifact and boom I'm good old circuit
set and a bleak shot trophy the
professor finding all those artifacts
alright so your friend kind of lost his
stuff over here and after he loses this
stuff you're gonna come around to this
right corner and it's gonna be right
here boom the games I want you to go
left but just go ahead and peep in that
back right corner and get circuit number
deuce alright after you come across two
spinny things you're gonna see that
ladder right here and around the corner
is gonna be one part number one you will
walk right past it on your way towards
the next area and they're gonna be in
this room your friends and go through
another vision he's gonna kind of go
crazy so you have to go do some marker
destroying and after that there is the
storage cache which is going to contain
the remainder of all of the weapons
which is a good little thing here
because you get the last weapon part the
last circuit obviously you might get at
a different spot but this is the last
mission I completed on the standard so
here it all is gun collector that's for
the weapon parts
so you're gonna get a lot of trophies
here for beating all the co-op missions
for beating the side missions and
obviously for collecting Rangers stuff
like I said you might get a different
spot but that's when I got all of them
so thank you guys choosing happy thumbs
gaming check out our channel for more
dead space 3 videos if you have a
question leave a comment don't forget to
subscribe in line cuz this video helped
you out check us out on our webpage
follow us on Twitter and Facebook and as
always happy hunting gamers